Add CSSFontPaletteValuesRule.* (#25476)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/cssfontpalettevaluesrule/fontfamily/index.md

---
title: CSSFontPaletteValuesRule.fontFamily
slug: Web/API/CSSFontPaletteValuesRule/fontFamily
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.CSSFontPaletteValuesRule.fontFamily
---

{{APIRef("CSSOM")}}

The read-only **`fontFamily`** property of the {{domxref("CSSFontPaletteValuesRule")}} interface lists the font families the rule can be applied to. The font families must be _named_ families; _generic_ families like `courier` are not valid.

## Value

> A string, listing the different font families the rule can be applied to, separated by spaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A string containing a space-separated list of the font families on which the rule can be applied
```

## Examples

> This example first defines an {{cssxref("@import")}} and an {{cssxref("@font-palette-values")}} at-rule. Then it reads the {{cssxref("@font-palette-values")}} rule and displays its name. As these rulee lives in the last stylesheet added to the document, the palette will be the second {{domxref("CSSRule")}} returned by the \_last: stylesheet in the document (`document.styleSheets[document.styleSheets.length-1].cssRules)`. So, `rules[1]` returns a {{domxref("CSSFontPaletteValuesRule")}} object, from which we can access `fontFamily`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example first defines an {{cssxref("@import")}} and an {{cssxref("@font-palette-values")}} at-rule. Then it reads the {{cssxref("@font-palette-values")}} rule and displays its name. As these rules lives in the last stylesheet added to the document, the palette will be the second {{domxref("CSSRule")}} returned by the \_last: stylesheet in the document (`document.styleSheets[document.styleSheets.length-1].cssRules`). So, `rules[1]` returns a {{domxref("CSSFontPaletteValuesRule")}} object, from which we can access `fontFamily`.
```
I am guessing "\_last:" needs to be fixed
Also, as in CSSFontPaletteValuesRule/basePalette, a title for the example can be added.

---
title: CSSFontPaletteValuesRule.fontFamily
slug: Web/API/CSSFontPaletteValuesRule/fontFamily
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.CSSFontPaletteValuesRule.fontFamily
---

{{APIRef("CSSOM")}}

> The read-only **`fontFamily`** property of the {{domxref("CSSFontPaletteValuesRule")}} interface lists the font families the rule can be applied to. The font families must be _named_ families; _generic_ families like `courier` are not valid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The read-only **`fontFamily`** property of the {{domxref("CSSFontPaletteValuesRule")}} interface lists the font families to which the rule can be applied. The font families must be _named_ families; _generic_ families like `courier` are not valid.
```

## Value

A string containing a space-separated list of the font families on which the rule can be applied

## Examples

> ### Read the associated font family

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Reading the font families associated with a rule
```

This example first defines an {{cssxref("@import")}} and an {{cssxref("@font-palette-values")}} at-rule. Then it reads the {{cssxref("@font-palette-values")}} rule and displays its name. As these rules live in the last stylesheet added to the document, the palette will be the second {{domxref("CSSRule")}} returned by the \_last: stylesheet in the document (`document.styleSheets[document.styleSheets.length-1].cssRules`). So, `rules[1]` returns a {{domxref("CSSFontPaletteValuesRule")}} object, from which we can access `fontFamily`.

#### HTML

```html
<pre id="log">
The @font-palette-values at-rule's applies to the font families:</pre
>
```

#### CSS

```css
@import url(https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Bungee+Spice);

@font-palette-values --Alternate {
  font-family: "Bungee Spice";
  override-colors: 0 #00ffbb, 1 #007744;
}

.alternate {
  font-palette: --Alternate;
}
```

#### JavaScript

```js
const log = document.getElementById("log");

const rules = document.styleSheets[document.styleSheets.length - 1].cssRules;
const fontPaletteValuesRule = rules[1]; // a CSSFontPaletteValuesRule interface
log.textContent += ` ${fontPaletteValuesRule.fontFamily}`;
```

#### Result

> {{EmbedLiveSample("Read the associated font family", "100", "40")}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{EmbedLiveSample("reading_the_font_families_associated_with_a_rule", "100", "40")}}
```

## Specifications

{{Specifications}}

## Browser compatibility

{{Compat}}

## See also

> - {{cssxref("@font-palette-values")}} at-rule
> - {{cssxref("@font-palette-values/font-family", "font-family")}} descriptor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- {{cssxref("@font-palette-values")}}
- {{cssxref("@font-palette-values/font-family", "font-family")}}
```

> - {{cssxref("@font-palette-values")}} at-rule
> - {{cssxref("@font-palette-values/font-family", "font-family")}} descriptor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- {{cssxref("@font-palette-values")}}
- {{cssxref("@font-palette-values/font-family", "font-family")}}
```

> - {{cssxref("@font-palette-values/font-family", "font-family")}} descriptor

Author: ```suggestion
- {{cssxref("@font-palette-values")}}
- {{cssxref("@font-palette-values/font-family", "font-family")}}
```

Author: Fixed
